Update Windows-Install-Binary.rst to include link to releases page (#3978)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.rst

Install ROS 2
-------------

> * Download the latest package for Windows, e.g., ``ros2-package-windows-AMD64.zip`` from https://github.com/ros2/ros2/releases.

Reviewer: Good call, but I'd rather this look like the Humble page at http://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.html#downloading-ros-2:

```suggestion
* Go to the releases page: https://github.com/ros2/ros2/releases
* Download the latest package for Windows, e.g., ``ros2-package-windows-AMD64.zip``
```
